MTL-2239 - Docs for Gitea and SSH keys (#10)
Cray-HPE/fawkes-docs: modules/development/pages/kubernetes-vm.adoc

= Kubernetes VM
:toc:
:toclevels: 3

WARNING: This page is a work in progress.

. Copy the kubernetes VM image from `node-images` into the management VM.
+
[source,bash]
----
scp node-images/output-kubernetes-vm-qemu/kubernetes-vm-x86_64.qcow2 root@192.168.0.2:~/
----
. Login to the Management VM

> There are two options to get started. If you're still on the 1st Hypervisor, you can login using the isolated network. The address of the management-vm will be 192.168.0.2 or whatever value was assigned in the management-vm configuration steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options to get started. If you're still on the first Hypervisor, you can login using the isolated network. The management-vm will resolve from `/etc/hosts`, its IP may also be found by running `virsh net-dhcp-leases isolated`.
```

Reviewer: I think if there isn't another option presented here, then it would be better to remove the phrasing "If you're still on the first hypervisor." What if I'm not on the first hypervisor, then what do I do here?

Author: I just missed that sentence. My assumption here is that people are developing and may only have 1 machine running, for now. Will update the text to be appropriate.

[source,bash]
----
ssh root@192.168.0.2
----
. Move the kubernetes VM into the proper location
+
[source,bash]
----
mkdir -p /vms/images
mv ~/kubernetes-vm-x86_64.qcow2 /vms/images/
----
. Generate an SSH key
+
[source,bash]
----
ssh-keygen
----
. Copy SSH key to the host system
+
[source,bash]
----
ssh-copy-id 192.168.0.2
----
. Change to the working directory for deploying the first Kubernetes Master VM
+
[source,bash]
----
cd /srv/cray/terraform/kubernetes-master/
----
. Set the var for the QEMU system URI
+
[source,bash]
----
qemu+ssh://192.168.0.2/system
----
. Review the plan for terraform
+
[source,bash]
----
terraform plan
----
. Execute terraform
+
[source,bash]
----
terraform apply
----

> 

Reviewer: Clean up the extra new-lines, double-check other files too... I saw some extra new-lines here and there but for the most part this PR was tidy.
